This code consists of two parts: the "Admin Suite" and the "Message Receiver Suite". The "Admin Suite" is responsible for sending encrypted messages to the "Message Receiver Suite", which then decrypts and processes the messages.
The "Admin Suite" defines a send_message function that connects to a receiver and sends an encrypted message using a specified encryption key. The encrypt_message function is used to encrypt the message before it is sent. In this example, the encrypt_message function simply returns the message as-is for testing purposes.
The "Message Receiver Suite" defines a receive_message function that mocks receiving a message and decrypting it using a specified encryption key. The decrypt_message function is used to decrypt the message. In this example, the decrypt_message function simply returns the message as-is for testing purposes.
The receive_message function also defines a notify_admin function that can be used to implement admin notification logic. In this example, the notify_admin function is empty, but it can be customized to send notifications to an administrator when a message is received.
To use the code, you can call the send_message function in the "Admin Suite" with the IP address of the receiver, the message to be sent, and the encryption key. The receive_message function in the "Message Receiver Suite" can then be called to simulate receiving and decrypting the message.
Note that this is just a simple example to demonstrate the basic functionality of sending and receiving encrypted messages. In a real-world application, you would need to implement actual encryption and decryption logic, as well as error handling and other features. For now since there is no figma for what I am building here is an example of the receiver end. 
